update cookies docs to note caveat with safari (#113)
apollographql/docs: src/content/studio/explorer/connecting-authenticating.mdx

Once configured, requests sent from `https://studio.apollographql.com` will carry the cookies from your domain when you run queries with the Explorer. If you're logged in on your domain, requests from the Explorer will also be logged in. If you log out on your domain and the cookie is removed, requests from the Explorer will be logged out.

> #### Cookies for Safari users
> Safari 13.1 and onwards [blocks third-party cookies by default](https://webkit.org/blog/10218/full-third-party-cookie-blocking-and-more/), and the browser would consider your endpoint to be "third-party" to Studio. Safari users would need to open "Preferences > Privacy" and uncheck "Prevent cross-site tracking" for requests with cookies to be sent.  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cookies for Safari users

Safari `13.1` and later [blocks third-party cookies by default](https://webkit.org/blog/10218/full-third-party-cookie-blocking-and-more/). When using Explorer in Safari, it considers your server's endpoint to be "third-party" to GraphOS Studio.  Therefore, Safari users need to open **Settings > Privacy** in Safari and uncheck **Prevent cross-site tracking** to send Explorer requests with cookies.

```
